hello and welcome to easy gluten free
today I'll be showing fave healthy
recipes calm how to make these chocolate
raspberry whoopie pies now in case
you're not quite sure what a whoopie pie
is they're shaped like a big sandwich
cookie that has a creamy filling and the
cookies themselves have more of a
cake-like consistency than anything else
now the classic version is done with a
chocolate cake that's usually filled
with either a vanilla or marshmallow
cream and that versions fantastic but
this updated version as raspberry not
only to the chocolate cake batter itself
it also has a raspberry jam cream cheese
filling that's a lot less sweet than the
original version alright to make this
you're gonna need one and a half cups of
gluten-free Bisquick if you're not
following a gluten-free diet you can
just stir together this list of
ingredients you'll also need a half cup
of unsweetened cocoa powder that's been
sifted one stick of unsalted butter
that's been softened one and a quarter
cups of brown sugar firmly packed 1
large egg 1/2 cup of milk 7 ounces of
Greek yogurt one teaspoon of vanilla and
two teaspoons of raspberry extract and
for the filling will need 1/4 of a cup
of softened butter that's 4 tablespoons
1/2 cup of low-fat cream cheese a
heaping tablespoon of seedless raspberry
jam 1 teaspoon of raspberry extract 1/2
teaspoon of vanilla one on 1/4 cups of
confectioner's sugar and some red food
coloring if you want to boost the color
in this a little bit alright now to make
these first preheat the oven to 350
degrees and line two baking sheets with
parchment paper now in a large bowl
whisk together the gluten-free Bisquick
or flour mixture whichever you're using
with the cocoa powder and set it aside
now using a stand mixer or hand mix
be together the butter and brown sugar
until light and fluffy then scrape down
the bowl add the egg and beat until well
combined scrape down the bowl again with
a rubber spatula add the milk Greek
yogurt and both the vanilla and
raspberry extracts and beat until
everything's smooth and well
incorporated
then add the dry ingredients mixture to
the bowl beat it at a low speed until
everything's combined then scrape down
the bowl and beat it at a medium speed
for 2 minutes or until you have a smooth
thick batter now spoon mounds of the
batter onto the prepared pans I use a
large cookie scoop with a volume of just
over 2 tablespoons and space the cakes
about 2 inches apart on the sheet once
the sheet is full you can use a wet
finger to flatten down the mounds and
smooth them out a little bit before you
bake them for 12 to 14 minutes once
they're done let them rest on the pan
for a minute then use a metal spatula to
transfer the cakes onto a baking rack to
cool completely while you make the
filling now for the filling you're just
going to want to stir together all of
the filling ingredients except for the
confectioner sugar until it's as smooth
as you can get it you can do it by hand
like I did today but a mixer of give you
a much smoother fluffier result now
beating the confectioner sugar until
it's well incorporated then if you want
to boost the color a little you can beat
in one drop at a time of red food
coloring until you have the color that
you're happy with
now spoon a heaping tablespoon of the
frosting into the center of the flat
side of half the cakes then very gently
top off the felt cakes with the
remaining cakes at this point the icing
is not very firm so it'll be really easy
to squish it to the edges of the whoopie
pie with a little gentle pressure on the
top cookie now you'll want to
refrigerate the whole sheet pan of
whoopie pies for about an hour or so to
firm up the frosting and make these easy
to handle and easy to eat unless of
course you're making this for a special
occasion then you can dress them up a
little by piping on a few lines of white
chocolate or more of the frosting that
you filled them with if you want and
then these are ready to serve and this
updated version is a
nice change to the classic whoopie pie
with the marshmallow filling the
raspberry cream cheese isn't too sweet
and it has more of a sophisticated feel
than the original but don't worry you're
still going to be eating them with your
hinge just like you did when you were a
kid so I hope you'll give this updated
classic a try and if you'd like to see
the recipe imprint you could always
visit my blog and for additional recipes
and tips to fit in with your healthy
lifestyle visit my friends FB healthy
recipes komm see you again soon